Jody, time to go.
Oh, aren't you excited?
Get his bag.
Thanks for your help, sister.
Oh, my pleasure.
There you go, son.
- See you.
- Bye.
Good-bye, dear.
Say thank you to sister.
Thank you, sister.
- Let me get one more shot.
- Right here.
- Ok.
- Bye-bye.
Goodbye, dear.
One day, the great king
of the silver baboons
came down from a peak
high on a mountaintop in Kilimanjaro.
and caught your father stealing his treasure
from a deep, dark cave,
from which enchanted rubies
spilled out down the mountainside.
After a great battle
with the baboon king,
your father was very badly
wounded and left to die.
But when the baboon king found out
that your father wanted the
enchanted rubies to cure his son...
Sister, Adam's not breathing!
Children, children,
move to the side.
Adam.
Adam!
Is he dead?
Did he hurt his head?
I don't know.
They just said
he wasn't breathing.
Well, he's breathing now.
- Call sister Kathryn.
- I will.
Adam...
Adam.
Oh, don't give up on us.
Don't you give up, child.
Don't you break our hearts.
Oh, Adam...
I've tried so hard with you.
That poor little heart of yours,
I don't know what else to do.
Oh, Adam.
♪ Tom's Diner ♪
by Suzanne Vega
Caroline...
Caroline?
Um... yeah.
You know what, I can't do anything right now.
What do you need?
Aren't you gonna
get something to eat?
Um, later.
♪ I am sitting in the morning ♪
♪ at the diner on the corner ♪
♪ I am waiting at the counter ♪
♪ for the man
to pour the coffee ♪
♪ and he fills it only halfway ♪
♪ and before I even argue ♪
♪ he is looking out the window ♪
♪ at somebody coming in ♪
♪ It is always
nice to see you ♪
♪ says the man behind the counter ♪
♪ to the woman
who has come in ♪
♪ she is shaking her umbrella ♪
♪ and I look the other way ♪
♪ as they are kissing
their hellos ♪
♪ I'm pretending not to see them ♪
♪ And instead I pour the milk ♪
Hi.
- Hi.
I missed you.
You missed me?
Mm-hmm.
Since what, yesterday?
Yeah. Why not?
Aren't we going?
Yeah.
Is anything wrong?
No.
What do you wanna do?
I thought we were
going to the game.
What's the matter?
Steven?
You wanna just...
go some other time?
You don't wanna see me anymore.
No. I didn't say that.
It's just...
I don't know.
Maybe we should just start
seeing other people.
This always happens to me.
Why does this always happen to me?
I let myself get involved,
I wind up getting hurt.
Caroline...
What did I do that was so wrong?
Caroline, don't say that.
You didn't do anything wrong.
It's me. I just...
I don't know.
It's...
Come here.
No.
Caroline...
Come here.
Come on.
Oh...
Don't cry.
Don't leave me.
Oh...
Ah...
I'm going inside.
Why don't I call you later?
No. Don't.
Just leave me alone.
Caroline...
I didn't mean to hurt you.
Yeah.
Well, you did.
Did he tell you why?
No. He just said we should
start seeing other people.
He's a jerk.
He coulda at least told you why.
Forget it.
I don't feel like
talking about it anymore.
Talk about what?
Steven broke up
with Caroline today.
Steve... Which one was Steve?
The one with the
fig tree insured?
No. That was Jackie.
Steven was the one
that had the sick mother.
No. That was Bob.
And His mother got better.
And that's when he dumped me.
So Jackie's the one with the fig tree?
No. That was Mike.
Mike?
I'm gonna call him.
Caroline, don't you dare!
My God, the guy
broke up with you!
You gotta let them call you.
Anyway, this guy is a jerk, ok?
You watch.
I bet he's gonna come crawling back
on his knees saying,
"oh, Caroline, I miss you.
I want you back."
Yeah.
Like they all do.
Caroline, you're too good
to these jerks.
You gotta learn to
put your foot down.
You got too good a heart.
As long as you let 'em walk all over you,
that's what they do.
What scares me is when someone
as screwed-up as these guys are,
doesn't want me.
Come on, ladies,
we're getting busy now.
You've taken too many breaks.
Let's go, come on!
Just like that.
Why does he whistle at us
like we're dogs.
Does he ever go home?
All right.
I'm going.
I'm going!
I'll see you tomorrow night.
Working tomorrow night, hon?
Yep.
I'll be here.
Okay.
Well, you now what?
Walk safely home, okay?
There's a lot of
crazies out there.
I'll see you later.
Caroline,
He's a jerk.
Adam, clean-up on table 7.
Adam.
Adam!
...and held off
the hard-charging redwings in a game...
Uh...
Ohh...
Here they come, you guys.
Hey, chip, congratulations.
- How's it going?
- Thanks, buddy.
Hey, Jody. How's your dad?
- Hi!
Come on in.
There's cake, ice cream, champagne.
Make yourselves at home.
John, where the hell's
my tuna melt?
I'm working on it.
Yeah? Well, you're gonna have to
work a little harder.
This guy's having
a heart attack over here.
Can you send Adam
over to table 5?
Okay, Cindy.
Thank you.
Okay.
Oh, great.
No, wait.
That's Cindy's tuna melt.
It's all right.
Here you go.
Finally.
Here you are.
- Caroline?
- Here you are.
Yes?
Where's Adam?
- I don't know.
- Well, go back and find him!
Tell him to get his butt out here.
I need him.
Hey, don't cut the cake yet.
Let me get a picture.
Hey, Caroline.
Not now.
Oh.
Adam, you cut yourself.
Let me see.
Oh, my God, this is pretty deep.
You might need stitches.
Hold it like this.
I'll put a bandage on it.
You...
Oh, keep it up because...
You know what? Let me wash it off first.
Come with me
I wanna rinse it off.
If it doesn't stop bleeding, then...
well, maybe Jim can take you
over to the hospital.
Ohh.
Oh...
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Ohh...
What do you have
all over your hands?
Is that...
Syrup or...
Sap.
You work at that Christmas tree lot
during the day, don't you?
Yeah, yeah, I've seen you there...
hauling trees once or twice.
You smell like a pine tree...
like a Christmas tree.
Maybe I'll stick a star
on your head, huh?
Just kidding.
(I) used to love the way our Christmas
tree smelled when we were little.
Ah, brings back memories, you know,
when life was simple.
Now my parents put up
this stupid artificial tree.
It's all fake.
Just... not the same,
you know?
You just don't talk much, do you?
Don't worry. I'm not gonna
make you talk to me.
Could I have a waitress
out here, please?
Whoo.
You'll live.
I gotta get back to work.
Thanks.
Come on...
Why don't you go over there
to handle it?
You can do it.
Hey.
Hey!
How'd you like
to pay for that machine?
It just stole my damn
quarter, sweetheart.
Yeah, well, that's 'cause guys like you
pound on it all the time.
What's the matter with you?
It ain't your machine.
As a matter of fact, it is.
So don't hit it anymore.
Thank you.
This your diner?
No. Just my machine.
Just wait.
It happens to be
a very good investment
once it's all paid off.
Now, what brand?
Marlboro.
Lights.
Oh, 100s, please.
- Here.
- Uh, it's great.
You have a problem with it,
come to me next time.
We will.
How'd you like
to feel that, huh?
She'd make a meal out of you.
- Ooh!
You know her?
Don't you remember who that is?
No. Who is she?
Ah, well, just wait.
You'll see.
Hello.
Do you fellows know what you want?
Yes, we do.
We would like to have
Caroline wait on us
if you don't mind, because...
well, we're gonna tip you both.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Switch with me.
Those 2 guys in there,
they're asking for Caroline.
Great.
Look for Bill.
Ready to order?
Yeah.
Hi.
So, have you been to
any parties lately, Caroline?
Do I know you?
Well, I tell you, I know you.
Dean Alabanasi's 4th of July party,
in the basement,
sloe gin fizzes?
Ohh.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Well, you know.
It's going.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now I remember.
God, that was embarrassing.
Ah. Hah hah.
Good memory.
It's my pleasure.
Must've been barfing up stuff
your grandmother ate that night.
Oh, I'm not an ogre that lives
under the cigarette machine.
Forget it, all right?
Because we all
are just people here.
Hmm?
You know?
Ok. We're not so bad.
My name's Howard,
you know, in case you've forgotten.
This here, this is Patsy.
Hi.
Cigarette?
No.
Oh, yeah. Ok.
Um...
I tell you what, I'm gonna
have a cheeseburger deluxe,
and I'll get steak, medium rare.
And she's yelling
at the top of her lungs,
"you motherf***ing,
lousy, filthy pig.
"Your mother's a slut,
and your father's a ho'."
All of this.
Right in front of
the sons of Italy hall.
This girl...
No class.
You got a light?
I mean,
he met her at a stop light.
You know?
She looks like Pete Rose.
You gonna commiserate
all night again, ladies?
You are like wet sand...
in my underwear.
Ouch!
Anyways...
'D you call him?
No.
Really?
That's good.
That's real good.
Here.
Finish my cig for me.
I gotta grab this guy
before he stiffs me.
Talk to you later.
Why don't you just pay me now,
so we don't have
to worry about it later?
♪ Blue moon ♪
♪ you saw me standing alone ♪
♪ without a dream in my heart ♪
♪ without a love of my own... ♪
Whoo!
Hey, honey!
Hey, Caroline!
God, you scared
the shit out of me.
Sorry.
You always drive like that?
I'm really sorry.
No more tables?
Hmm?
Got any burgers?
This's what you guys do
at 4:00 in the morning?
Here. Warm you up.
Come on, Caroline.
Get inside the car.
No, thanks.
Come on.
Hang out with us.
We could be kicked out of
every damn bar in Minneapolis.
Nah. I'm going home.
Home?
Yep. I'm going home.
It's late.
Late? Jesus!
This is early for us.
Be careful!
Wahoo!
Hey, Caroline, hang on a second.
You mind if we walk with you?
I'm all right.
Come on, it's late out.
Pretty girl like you?
No. Really.
I'm all right.
Good night.
Hey, uh...
listen, I got a question
I wanna ask you.
How much can we get one of
those cigarette machines for?
Because... Patsy and me, we were
thinking of getting one.
Yeah.
Uh, I think you can get one
for about 1500 used.
That's what we paid.
Oh, yeah, really?
1500, huh?
Huh.
Come on.
Take a shot.
No. I'm really tired.
I worked all night.
I got to get home.
Come on. We ain't
gonna bite you.
Hey, um...
you ain't scared of us, are you?
No. I'm just tired.
Oh, yeah.
That's right, because...
You worked all night, right?
Hey, Caroline.
Do you like to fuck?
This yours?
Just leave me alone.
Here.
Take it.
Come on, take it.
No?
You forgot something.
Caroline.
Hey, where'd you go off to, honey?
I got your hat.
It's right here!
Hey, maybe she wants
the cherry Brandy.
Yeah, yeah.
Caroline!
Here.
Go up that way.
Go that way.
Go find her.
Caroline, honey.
Hey, come on.
It's ok.
Calm down.
Aah!
Oh!
Oh, God!
Jesus!
My nose!
Help!
Jesus!
God!
Where you going?
Tryna get away from Howard?
How-man, look who I found.
I think you broke my nose.
I'm sorry. What?
I...
Good.
Good?
Huh?
I'll show you good.
Hey...
Caroline,
tell me something.
Did you really think that
you were better than me?
Did you?
Okay?
Shh.
How-man, what
are you doing?
Patsy, quiet her down.
Shh.
Here, give me your hand.
Ahh.
See, Caroline.
See that?
I hurt.
Quiet. Patsy,
get her to be quiet.
Shh.
Aah!
She bit me!
Damn!
Jesus!
Shut up.
No!
Come on. Yeah.
Baby, yeah.
Shut up!
Take it easy, Howard.
Shut up Caroline!
How-man,
Jesus, Howard.
What the hell are we doing?
See, what I'd like to do is take a little
pork rind and smear that on my lure.
Sure.
You know, I would recommend
the rat-lipped jig.
Um, the problem with a rat-lipped jig
is that it sometimes catches
you know, underwater growth and stuff.
Well, I know, but...
Oh, come on.
Try it.
Cindy, where's Caroline
again today?
Oh, she called in sick.
Called in sick?
That's every day this week.
She okay?
Well, she called in sick.
(If) she's sick, she's sick.
What can I tell you?
Anything serious?
Yeah. She's sick of work.
Wasn't this a private conversation
between you and me, Bill?
Don't worry about it.
I mean, I think she got the flu
or something, you know.
She'll be in tomorrow.
Hey. Here you go.
Merry Christmas.
What would you like
for Christmas?
A doll house.
Ok.
Good.
Huh? We'll see you
Christmas morning, huh?
Very good.
Hi there.
What would you like?
Okay.
I'll see you later.
Michael, don't forget.
Pick me up at 2:00.
2 A.M.?
Yeah.
I have to get up for school
in the morning.
Michael, you wanted the car tonight.
Don't make me wake up daddy,
because I'll kill you.
Hey, Caroline.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
Hi, Caroline.
Where you been?
Just been out.
Hey, you missed all
the action here last night.
Oh, yeah?
What'd I miss?
You remember
Bobby Las Vegas, don't you?
With the motorcycle?
Yeah, except he don't ride
the motorcycle no more.
Yeah? What happened?
Slid on a dead squirrel
going around a turn over by (someplace)
Demolished the bike.
Jesus.
He was in here last night.
Yeah, he got drunk as a dog
down the street.
He tried to run through
Lowry Hill tunnel,
except he passed out
halfway through 'cause the car...
So they brought him in here.
He was in the bathroom
throwing up all night.
Yeah. I'm really
sorry I missed that.
Yeah, only Bobby, huh?
So, Caroline,
those 2 guys, you know?
The one's that were bothering with the
machine the other night last week.
Yeah.
Well, Jim seen one of them
over at St. Vincent's.
Oh, yeah. I went down there
to see my cousin Lucy.
Remember, she had that thing
with her wrist, gonna get operated?
Anyway, I see him
out in the hallway.
Man, was he worked!
Ugh, his face was a mess.
Black eyes, bumps, bruises.
Looked like he was hit
by a dump truck.
I got to pick up Lucy
on Tuesday.
Come here.
You've been following me home?
How do you know where I live?
Huh?
Have you?
Well? Have you?
How's your hand?
Thank you.
I know.
That's as scared as I've
ever been in my whole life.
Just get squirrels in my stomach
thinking about it.
Guess I don't have to worry about
you telling anybody, huh?
It's kind of a real
awkward thing for a girl.
Well...
Don't take this the wrong way...
But thank you.
I follow you home.
You follow me home?
I...
What?
I wasn't finished.
Finish.
I follow you home and...
walk to make sure you're...
safe.
I've never seen you.
Well, I stay pretty far behind.
I'm sorry.
Well...
I mean, don't be sorry.
I just...
I wasn't finished.
Finish.
I'm sorry that...
I was late...
that night.
I don't think I ever heard you speak,
and when you do,
you apologize to me
for saving me against...
Oh, God knows
what coulda happened.
I don't...
Why should I be surprised, right?
My life is like watching
The Three Stooges in Spanish.
I'm either being dumped
or being attacked.
Don't hit the machine!
I'm sorry.
I don't even know
what I'm saying anymore.
I'll talk to you
about this later.
And I brought your coat back.
♪ Bad, bad boy ♪
♪ uh-huh ♪
♪ yeah, uh-huh ♪
♪ yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ bad, bad boy ♪
♪ come with me,
come with me ♪
♪ bad, bad boys ♪
♪ come with me,
come with me ♪
♪ and feel protected ♪
♪ this time
I want to go away ♪
♪ uh-huh ♪
You sure you're all right
to come back to work, hon?
Been looking a little
puffy these days.
You sure it was the flu
and not something else?
I'm all right.
Just checking.
What do you think about Adam?
(I) think he's very weird.
Wonder what he thinks about.
I don't think Adam
actually thinks.
I mean, we're talking about
a man who hasn't spoken.
So?
So...
You don't find that
a little weird?
Look at him.
He looks like a tumor
sitting over there.
And his hair.
Oh, God!
It just bothers me so much.
You know, Lottie says
that he has ape parts in him.
or something like that.
I don't know.
Oh, my God. Lottie?
What a story.
Well, whatever.
Too bad, though.
He is kind of cute.
I'd do him,
if he just wasn't so dumb.
So what are you
doing for Christmas?
Uh...
The usual.
Grandparents coming over,
sitting in front of the TV,
looking at the stupid tree,
giving me $10,
asking me where my boyfriend is.
Oh, hon.
You know it's all right to feel
shitty this time of year.
You know, everybody does.
It's like, this is life.
And when you go through it long enough,
you know what the flavor is,
and it sure ain't vanilla.
Why don't you come over
for Christmas?
You know my daddy's always saying,
"what's wrong with Caroline?
"You know, she misses us or what,
or she hates us?"
We'll see.
We'll see, huh?
You know, I knew
you were gonna say that.
Just forget the whole thing.
You know, just forget it.
You got a problem.
You really got to learn
to follow through with things.
I mean, you never
finish anything you start.
I finish.
Oh, yeah?
Did you finish beauty school?
I got a practical exam
in 2 weeks.
Yeah? What about
the flower shop?
What happened to the opening?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
You know what, Caroline?
Let me give you
your first lesson.
Why don't you finish this, cousin?
Bitch.
Wench.
Slut.
Douche bag.
You better go do your sugars
before I sic Jim on you.
Jim!
Jim! Caroline's
screwing off again!
Jim!
Hi.
Can always measure your tips.
by your sugar jars.
Come 3 A.M.,
I see empty sugar jars, and...
You know I've got good tips.
You like hockey?
Hmm?
Ever been to a game?
No.
Maybe we could go
to a game sometime.
You took my bandage off.
It's ok.
It's ok. It's ok.
Bye.
3 and a half.
I thought the food was creative.
I liked their most roast dishes.
I like their Italians, their tiramisu,
or whatever it is that's...
- Tiramisu yeah.
- Ahh.
If my brother ever shows up,
tell him I'm gonna kill him.
If you look up long enough,
you'll see a shooting star.
Oh.
Then they're not really stars.
They're meteors, actually.
Really?
Falling to the earth.
You can see them good
from this bridge here.
Huh.
There's the big dipper.
There's the north star
and Venus.
Come on.
I wanna show you something.
All right.
Uh, what's this?
It's okay.
This is where I live.
Oh.
This is my dog.
Hi. Hi.
Good dog.
What's her name?
I don't know.
He never told me.
You know, I don't mean to be rude to you
in your own place or anything,
but you are a little
strange sometimes.
Would you like some ice cream?
Ice cream?
No, I... no.
You read all these books?
I don't sleep very well.
Got a...
cosy little apartment.
You...
This is from
last new year's Eve.
Did you take this from
behind the counter at work?
I better get going home.
Oh...
Thanks for everything.
Uh...
Well, tomorrow's Christmas Eve,
and I don't work the day after that, so...
Merry Christmas.
Ouh!
What?
♪ Christmas always comes ♪
♪ this time of the year ♪
♪ little girls ♪
♪ and little boys ♪
♪ dream of worlds
full of toys ♪
♪ this time of the year ♪
♪ when Christmas is near ♪
♪ Evergreens ♪
♪ are snowy white ♪
♪ Sleigh bells ring ♪
What the hell
happened to my tree?
♪ through the night ♪
Michael! Caroline!
♪ This time of the year ♪
Caroline!
♪ When Christmas is near ♪
Oh!
♪ And somewhere ♪
♪ near a steeple ♪
♪ people kneel and pray ♪
♪ and choirs sing ♪
♪ Carols of Christmas day?
♪ Santa Claus ♪
♪ is on his way ♪
♪ loads of joy ♪
Adam!
♪ On his sleigh ♪
It's Caroline!
♪ This time of year ♪
♪ when christmas is near ♪
I brought you some cookies.
I made them.
Did you have a nice
Christmas yesterday?
Can I come in?
Great weather.
What do you think?
Would you like some ice cream?
You're on the ice cream,
aren't you?
No, thanks.
Well, I guess the cookies are
a little on the sugary side.
So, uh...
You were all alone
for Christmas.
I shoulda
stopped over yesterday.
I should have invited you over.
But, uh...
Guess you were already there.
Thank you for the tree.
It's so beautiful.
It really made my day
that you remembered.
Did I come at a bad time?
Do you want me to go?
No.
Ok. Then I'll stay.
I'm not even gonna ask
how you got into our house.
Do you like music, Caroline?
Mm-hmm.
I never heard you say
my name before.
It sounded nice.
Would you like to see
my records, Caroline?
Caroline?
Sure.
Wow.
They look really old.
They're magic.
Yeah, magic.
What kind of magic do they do?
In the orphanage, mother Camilla
used to play them for me.
I used to sit in the sunlight
near the window in her office,
and I'd fall asleep to them.
She... she gave them
to me when I left.
Whenever my life
doesn't agree with me,
I lie down, and I play
these records, and...
the rain stops falling.
Would you like to hear one?
Mm-hmm.
You must have...
loved her a lot,
Mother Camilla.
She...
She's the one who told me
about my heart.
What about your heart?
I was...
I was a very sick baby.
My heart was very weak.
My mother, she died
when I was born.
She died in the jungle where
she and my father were living.
In the jungle?
My father was
a great adventurer.
Mmm.
One day...
The great king
of the silver baboons
came down from his peak high in
the mountaintops of Kilimanjaro.
He caught my father stealing his treasure
out of a deep dark cave at the very bottom,
where magic rubies trickled down
from the top of the mountain.
After a terrible battle
with the baboon king,
my father was wounded
and left to die.
And the great king later learned that
my father needed the enchanted rubies
to heal his son with a dying heart,
he was so overwhelmed with guilt and shame
and what he had done that...
he took his own beating heart
right from his mighty baboon chest,
and placed it in mine.
Mother Camilla
told you all this?
And you believe her?
And you tell this to people?
Oh, no.
It's a nice story.
It stopped raining.
Magic records
and a baboon heart.
You almost got me
believing in it.
How'd you like me
to cut your hair?
It's ok.
No one's home.
Mind if I ask
who cuts this thing?
I do.
I see.
Mind if I ask something else?
Ouch.
Sorry.
Did you ever think of doing anything else
with your life besides busboy, huh?
I mean, you must've had
an education at the orphanage.
I'm... not very good
with people.
Oh, don't let people
stand in your way.
They're only people
just like you and me.
Well...
Maybe not like you.
I don't know if I've ever
met anyone like you.
Mmm.
The first I can remember,
I was 4 years old...
And?
I wasn't allowed
any physical contact or...
even allowed to go out in public.
Why?
My health was still poor.
(It's) Just the risk of infection...
People were so used to staying away from me
that they always stayed away.
I never got close to people.
Jeez!
That's got to be hard on a kid,
not being held or being allowed
to hold anyone.
Well, what does your father do?
Uh...
actually, my step-dad.
"Step to the rear."
He's a bus driver.
MTC between Minneapolis
and St. Paul.
A really good guy.
You should meet him sometime.
He's on candid camera once.
They locked him in a closet.
He was really great about it.
My real dad is like oil and vinegar
with everybody.
He just don't mix.
Cindy says screw him.
Well, first guy
to walk out of my life,
certainly not the last.
Weird, huh?
You're always staying away from love,
I'm always chasing love.
Weird.
Come on.
Here.
Are you crying?
Oh. Ok.
It's ok.
I'm gonna fall in love with you.
You don't have to love me back.
I'm gonna give you my heart.
Ok?
Ok.
Um, my parents are having
a new year's Eve party.
Uh...
My brother will be there,
with whoever might be
his girlfriend at that moment.
Do you wanna come?
You don't have to come as my boyfriend
or anything like that.
Uh...
Though I'd like you to.
Is that a yes?
Mmm. Yes.
Yes?
Say yes again.
Yes.
Yes?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Nice kitty.
Bye.
Adam.
What are you doing out here?
When did you get here?
10:00.
10:00?
That was almost 2 hours ago.
You'd rather be out here
with my cat than
inside with... a roomful of
strangers and relatives?
Adam.
Ohh...
"Star light, star bright,
"first star I see tonight,
"I wish I may,
I wish I might.
Have this wish
I wish tonight."
That's Mars.
What?
You just wished on a planet.
5... 4... 3...
Vacuous.
2... 1...
Happy new year!
♪ Should auld acquaintance
be forgot... ♪
You can kiss me.
More.
I'm gonna get a soda!
You know Nick's friend
Ronnie, he's a cop?
No.
Yes, you do.
He's the one whose half-sister
bought the house down by north shore?
I never met him, though.
Anyway, look.
I want you to double with us, okay?
We're gonna go to the fountain.
You know, go dancing, have some fun.
You should come.
Mmm...
I don't think I can.
Why not?
Well, I'm sort of
seeing somebody.
Yeah?
You are?
Who?
Come on, you little shit,
tell me who!
Oh, forget it.
It's Adam.
Adam who?
Adam from work.
Adam Adam?
And you're just telling me
this shit now?
You freaking liar.
I'm not lying.
It's Adam.
Uh-uh.
Why?
'Cause I got to know him.
And we make sense.
What do you mean,
"we make sense"?
He doesn't make sense,
I don't make sense.
Together, we make sense.
So...
Tell me what he's like.
I mean, does he actually speak?
Did you meet his family yet?
I mean, what's up with this?
Yeah, he speaks.
No, I haven't met his family.
He's an orphan.
Really?
No shit?
I never met a real
orphan before.
Yeah.
He's a lot smarter
than people think.
He reads a lot,
got a lot of books.
He's really into his music.
Really?
He's really sweet.
He's like a kid, but it's nice.
He's got...
He thinks he's got...
(He) thinks he's got
a baboon's heart.
You see, Caroline?
You see?
I told you this man
had ape parts in him.
I told you!
He doesn't have ape parts in him.
It's just a story one of those nuns at
that orphanage told a scared little boy
who didn't know why he was so scared.
He's got some kind
of a heart problem.
But Adam?
You know you don't have to
sell yourself short either, you know.
Well, there's something
you don't know.
What?
You know when I was out sick?
Yeah.
On the way home
in the park one night,
My God!
Oh, my God!
Caroline, are you okay?
Yeah.
Someone stopped them.
It was Adam.
He saved me.
Why didn't you
tell me this, huh?
Why... why didn't
you come to me?
I didn't tell anybody.
Jesus, you poor thing.
Are you all right?
I mean seriously, are you okay?
Mm.
Yeah?
God, I don't believe this.
Oh, shit.
Shit, shit, shit!
What?
You're gonna be so mad at me.
Why?
Well, I kind of told Nick that
you would double with Ronnie.
I...
Great.
Thanks a lot.
Ohh...
Look, you don't have to go, okay?
I mean, you can just
forget the whole thing, okay?
Just forget it, ok?
Well...
Well, go anyway, ok?
Just go, Caroline.
I mean, you'll have a good time.
He's really nice.
His father owns a hardware
store downtown, you know?
And when's the last time
you went dancing, huh?
And look, if you don't like him,
if he doesn't turn out
to be the glass slipper man,
you don't have
to see him anymore, okay?
I don't know.
My dad owns a hardware store.
What?
My dad, he owns
a hardware store.
If you ever need anything...
What?
If you ever need anything,
just let me know.
I'll take care of it.
Looks like we don't have
to wait for a seat.
Cindy.
What?
Can I talk to you?
- Nick.
- Yeah.
Go find us a table.
- Ok.
- Good.
What is wrong with you?
Cindy, I didn't wanna
go out with him.
I didn't know
we were gonna come here.
This is terrible.
Let's just go.
Why?
Why don't you just go tell Adam
that you're with friends?
I mean, you and me
went out dancing,
and that's all.
What, he's got that much
hold on you already?
No, that isn't it.
He's very sensitive,
and I don't know how he's gonna react,
to see me with this guy.
Well, look, why don't
you just go find Adam
and tell him that you and Ronnie
are just friends?
All right?
Well, go ahead.
Jim, where's Adam?
I don't know, look in back.
John, is Adam back here?
No. I haven't seen him.
Adam?
Just coffee.
Are you sure?
- Mm-hmm.
Ok. Have fun.
There's Caroline.
Here. Sit.
I ain't gonna bite you.
Man.
Come on, get up.
Get off me!
Take this, tough guy.
All right!
Loser.
Whoo-hoo!
Oh, my God!
Jim!
What's going on?
Oh, my God.
Adam...
Cindy!
I'm right here.
Call an ambulance.
Call an ambulance!
Is he breathing?
What happened?
Has he been shot?
I don't know.
Somebody check the parking lot.
I got it.
Nobody there.
I'm right here.
Right here.
You're going to be okay.
It's not the knife wound
that we're worried about.
It's his heart that
we're concerned with.
His heart?
Yes.
It's not the normal heart
of a 26-year-old man.
Excuse me.
What did you say?
We know he has
a congenital defect,
and we do favor, at some point,
a transplant.
It's been left untreated
for far too long.
He should remain stable,
until a proper donor
is available.
And how long can that take?
That we don't know.
He's sedated now, but...
he became very upset before.
When we were talking about going in
to relieve the pressure on his heart.
It took 2 orderlies, 2 nurses, and myself
jut to hold him down.
Frankly, we were surprised
that didn't kill him right there,
what with all the trauma
he's experienced this evening.
However, that's also a very good sign of hope
that he's more than strong enough,
and he can go on living for quite some time
with treatment for what he's got.
Good evening.
Are you with the lady in there?
Oh, yes.
She's my best friend.
Ok.
Number 5 and number 7.
You positive?
Thank you, miss.
Just step over here and we'll get
the paperwork out of the way.
You're not taking off
too much, are you?
Nope.
I only wanted a trim.
Did you hear me, young lady?
Yep. I heard you.
You told me.
I can't believe
I got to do this today.
I got too much on my mind
right now.
I can't take this friggin' lady.
I know. Just
try to calm down.
You can't work miracles,
so just do what you can.
Hang tough.
You know, I know you're
being tested today.
I hope you're not trying
to impress anybody.
All I want is a trim.
It's too cold out yet
for short hair.
Mm-hmm. Just keep
your head still.
Should we maybe involve
your instructor in this,
and she could make sure you don't make
a disaster area out of my hair, hmm?
Oh, why'd you stop?
You're not
butchering it, are you?
I wouldn't like
to have you butcher my hair.
Lady, I'm not
butchering your hair.
It's a free hair cut, all right?
So stop bitching before I cut
it all off, you fat cow!
Thanks!
What?
Cindy, can you drive me
over to the hospital?
I don't have a car, nobody's home,
and I really wanna see Adam.
When do they open?
I... I don't know.
Never mind. He's here.
Adam!
Oh! Oh... oh...
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to
upset you, Caroline.
Ohh...
Oh, I was so scared.
You okay?
Are you okay?
Come inside. You want me to
get you something to eat?
You want some breakfast?
No.
Your stitches, your stitches.
Ahh.
Oh, I bet you're sore.
Wait. I'm supposed to
be giving you flowers.
They're beautiful.
Ohh...
What'd the doctor say?
I'm not allowed to stick
knives in my stomach.
Very funny.
You could have been killed.
They caught the guys
who did it to you.
Do the police know
what they did to you?
Yeah.
I told them.
We'll probably both
have to go to court.
Did you... have
your beauty exam today?
Yeah, but...
It just...
Forget it. It's
just a stupid license.
I was no good at it, anyway.
Don't say that.
So...
The doctor told you you're gonna
have to have a transplant?
Adam.
No. They're wrong.
Adam, the heart you have
is diseased.
No one is taking away my heart.
You were just a kid.
It was just a story.
You're gonna die someday if
you don't do something about it.
This... this is my heart.
I don't want you to die.
I love you.
I was...
I was wondering
if you think about me...
Of course I think about you.
I wasn't finished.
Finish.
I was wondering if you think about me
half as much as I think about you.
I...
have to tell you something.
It might make you angry.
Look at me.
I watch you sleep sometimes.
The tree, it wasn't the first time
I was in your room...
or the last.
You come into my room?
From the basement
under the porch.
To watch me sleep?
Why?
'Cause you have peace.
I don't.
My sleep, it's always
the same dream.
A jungle,
dreary, twisted limbs,
strangling vines...
and rain.
Always the rain.
I feel suffocated,
despair.
Despair just trying to survive.
Despair and no peace.
I'm...
afraid if they take away
my heart, I...
I won't be able
to love you the same.
You are my peace.
Oh, my God.
You love with your mind and your soul,
not actually with your heart.
It's just a saying.
Why's it hurt so much here
when you're not with me?
♪ Try me ♪
♪ try me ♪
♪ Darling, tell me ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ try me ♪
♪ and your love ♪
♪ will always be true ♪
♪ oh ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ hold me ♪
♪ I want you right here ♪
♪ by my side ♪
♪ hold me ♪
♪ and your love ♪
♪ we won't hide ♪
♪ oh ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ need you ♪
♪ ooh ♪
♪ oh ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ oh, oh ♪
♪ walk with me ♪
♪ talk with me ♪
♪ I want you to stop my ♪
♪ heart from crying♪
♪ walk with me ♪
♪ talk with me ♪
♪ and your love ♪
♪ stops my heart from dying ♪
♪ oh♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ ooh, ooh ♪
Happy...
Happy Birthday!
Come here.
You look beautiful.
You get this.
And you get this.
Go get your coat.
Where are we going?
It's a surprise.
What's that?
What?
It's a present for you.
For me?
Yeah. Don't...
Don't open it.
It's a surprise.
We can open it later together.
You got me a present
on your birthday?
Oh!
Come here.
I have fallen...
Did you hurt yourself?
I wasn't finished.
I have fallen so in love with you,
so much more than
I told you I would.
All right.
We're here.
Ok.
Come on.
Take it out!
Come on, take it out!
Clear it out!
Yeah!
Oh!
Whoo!
He caught the puck!
I don't believe it!
Whoo!
Hey!
North stars!
Yay!
I can't believe
you caught a puck.
That's like...
It's like never happens.
That's like amazing.
You're amazing.
Thank you
for taking me, Caroline.
I didn't know if you'd like it.
You know what I like.
I'm glad you like it
as much as me.
I love hockey.
You didn't even know
what a power play was.
I know, but the next time we go,
you can tell me.
I'll catch another
one of these for you.
It's a good game, huh?
Yeah.
Good game.
Hey.
Baby...
wake up.
We're home.
Hey.
Wake up. Wake up.
Sweetie.
We're home.
Hey!
Oh!
"If I give away
all my possessions,
"if I hand over my body
so I may boast.
"And do not have love,
"I gain nothing.
"Love is patient, love is kind.
"Love is not envious or boastful.
"Or arrogant or rude.
"It does not insist
on its own way.
"It is not irritable
or resentful.
"It does not rejoice
for wrongdoing.
"It rejoices in the truth.
"It bears all pains,
believes all things,
"and hopes all things.
"endures all things.
Love never ends.
"Whereas for prophecies,
they will come to an end.
"As for tongues,
they will cease.
"As for knowledge,
it will come to an end,
"for we only know in part,
"and we prophecy only in part.
"When the complete comes,
the partial will come
to an end."
I love you.
You're family.
I know.
You're lucky I love you, too.
Luck has nothing to do with it.
Hmm.
He was like an angel, you know?
I never knew life
could be like that.
He was the one thing I followed
through with in my life.
The one thing
I didn't give up on.
I was good at loving him.
Oh.
"Dear Caroline,
"I don't need these anymore
"because all my wishes
came true.
"I found you.
"So play them and think of me.
"I'll wish on Mars
and think of you.
"I carry your heart with me.
"I'm not finished.
I carry it in my heart."